W-13593786-append-to-array-cv (#197)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-builder/6.3/modules/ROOT/pages/toolbox-variable-handling.adoc

* xref:toolbox-variable-handling-activity-parameters.adoc[Activity Parameters]
+

> The Action Step Activity Parameters (AP) enables you to map variables that you can use not only in the Workflow, but also in the activities of the business process and gateways.

Reviewer: subject-verb agreement? 
(parameters enable)

Is there a way to flip this to make the user task first? "Map variables..."

> The Action Step Activity Parameters (AP) enables you to map variables that you can use not only in the Workflow, but also in the activities of the business process and gateways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To map variables to use in the Workflow and activities of the business process and gateways, use Action Step Activity Parameters (AP).

```

* xref:toolbox-variable-handling-append-to-array.adoc[]
+
The Append to Array Action Step enables you to append a single value or an array to an existing array.
* xref:toolbox-variable-handling-check-regex.adoc[Check Regex]
+
Use the Check Regex Action Step to search for a text fragment using a regular expression.
* xref:toolbox-variable-handling-check-value.adoc[Check Value]
+

> This Action Step enables you to compare two numerical or alphanumerical (case-sensitive and case-insensitive) values to each other, using different comparison methods.

Reviewer: user task

* xref:toolbox-variable-handling-combine-strings.adoc[Combine Strings]
+

> The Combine Strings Action Step enables you to combine multiple variables into a single new variable.

Reviewer: user task

The Read from Array Action Step is used to access the content of an array.
* xref:toolbox-variable-handling-runtime-variables.adoc[Run Time Variables]
+

> The RunTime Variables Action Step enables you to use variables defined during runtime in a Workflow.

Reviewer: flip

The Set Variable Action Step assigns a new value to a variable.
* xref:toolbox-variable-handling-string-operations.adoc[String Operations]
+

> The String Operations Action Step enables you to modify strings.

Reviewer: flip

* xref:toolbox-variable-handling-string-to-array.adoc[String to Array]
+

> The String to Array Action Step enables you to split a string into arrays and to process them further in next Action Steps, such as with the Read from Array Action Step.

Reviewer: Do any of these need bold? Or italic?

* xref:toolbox-variable-handling-user-account-decrypter.adoc[User Account Decrypter]
+

> The Action Step User Account Decrypter enables you to accept the activity parameter User Account as an inbound variable and further process it as log-in data in next Action Steps.

Reviewer: flip

> The Action Step User Account Decrypter enables you to accept the activity parameter User Account as an inbound variable and further process it as log-in data in next Action Steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To accept the User Account activity parameter as an inbound variable and process it as log-in data in the next Action Steps, use the User Account Decrypter Action Step.

```
